Business Scenario: Our project revolves around the hospitality industry, with Airbnb as our primary focus. 
To access up-to-date data, we will use "Inside Airbnb", a platform that provides datasets such as 
"listings.csv," "reviews.csv," and "neighborhoods.csv” cover a range of 108 cities across 5 continents. 
This broad geographical coverage enables us to explore diverse housing markets and compare the number of Airbnb 
listings in various neighborhoods such as urban vs. rural or affluent vs. low-income. Additionally, this Kaggle dataset provides information about the price, 
minimum number of nights, amount of listings per host, and the number of days when listing is available, enabling us to perform detailed analyses.

Typical users: Users of our database will include a variety of people. First, some people are listing 
properties on Airbnb and want to see what listings in their area have historically looked like, and what areas are more or less populated. 
They can explore which mix of factors seems to be the most successful.  There are other stakeholders such as analysts or managers trying to 
figure out which properties are receiving the most bookings and generating the most revenue. Customers looking to book an Airbnb can use 
the database to explore the housing market to see where would be the most opportune place to travel based on past listings. 

Representative questions:  Some topics users will want answers to using our database include the following: Recent Orders: What are the most recent 
bookings or reservations made by Airbnb users overall?  What are the most recent bookings or reservations made by Airbnb users in each specific area of stay? 
Which properties were booked within that last 24 hours, overall as well as specific city of stay.
Most Popular Properties: What is the most frequently booked property in a specific city and time frame? What are the most frequent book properties overall? 
What types of properties are in high demand (house, condo, shared room), overall and by city, or state?
Available Accommodations: What properties are currently available for bookings during specific dates? How many vacant accommodations are available 
in a particular city or region? 
Revenue: Which geographical region has generated the highest revenue recently? Which are the top-performing locations? Can be based on booking cost or number of books. 
What is the most profitable season for each specific region (can be cities, states, or regions)?


